Last Modified: 2012-03-22

Contests, sweepstakes, or giveaways with prizes valued over USD $1,000 aren't
allowed on Tumblr without our permission.

If you do choose to administer, promote, or run a contest, sweepstakes, or
giveaway on Tumblr, follow these guidelines:

  1. Fully disclose all of the contest, sweepstakes, or giveaway's rules
     including, for example, eligibility restrictions, all entry methods,
     information about your prizes (including retail value), and odds
     of winning;

  2. Make sure to include in your rules a full release of Tumblr by each
     person participating, an acknowledgement that the contest, sweepstakes,
     or giveaway isn't associated with Tumblr (including, without limitation,
     that it isn't administered, sponsored, or endorsed by Tumblr), and a
     statement that each person participating is giving information to you and
     not to Tumblr;

  3. Only allow entry by individuals who are eighteen or older;

  4. Only direct and open your contest, sweepstakes, or giveaway to people who
     live in your country; and

  5. As per our community guideline against non-genuine social gesture
     schemes, don't use Tumblr's social features (like following, reblogging,
     and liking) as entry methods.

Communicating on Tumblr about a contest, sweepstakes, or giveaway that happens
off-site is generally OK (but make sure to provide all the information you
need to, as noted above).

Finally, keep in mind that you're always responsible for the legality of your
contest, sweepstakes, or giveaway whether it happens on Tumblr or elsewhere,
and lots of detailed state and federal laws apply (at least in the U.S.), so
we urge you to take them seriously and ask a lawyer if you have questions or
concerns.

Link to Prior Versions

  You will find a link to prior versions of our Contest, Sweepstakes, and
  Giveaway Guidelines below. We have stored these versions on GitHub, which
  will also allow you to compare different versions and see what terms have
  changed:

  http://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/contest-guidelines.txt