PRIVACY POLICY 
Last Modified: 2025-01-25
The original version of this Privacy Policy is written in English. To the extent any translated version of this Privacy Policy conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

Tumblr, Inc. ("TUMBLR," "WE," "US," or "OUR") takes the private nature of your information very seriously. This policy regarding our privacy practices (the "PRIVACY POLICY") describes how we treat the information we collect or receive when you visit and use tumblr.com (the "SITE") and/or Tumblr’s other domains, products, advertising products, services, and/or content, including our iOS and Android mobile applications (collectively with the Site, the "SERVICES"). Tumblr is a subsidiary of Automattic (https://automattic.com/), a technology company that empowers people to build beautiful websites, tell their stories, and find and grow their audience. The way we handle your information hasn’t changed, so this Privacy Policy still governs when you are on Tumblr, using a Tumblr app or interacting with our products, services or technologies. We may share non-personal information with our family companies for purposes such as product improvements, research and analysis, and to help them provide you with more relevant experiences. When you use the Services, you also consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy; please read it carefully.


WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any information about you that our partners share with us or that we share with our partners.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own, control, or manage, including but not limited to any third party websites, services, applications, or businesses (“Third Party Services”). This includes third parties you provide with information about yourself as part of enabling or using a Tumblr feature. While we try to work only with those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we don't take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of all Third Party Services you access.

Also: This Privacy Policy doesn’t govern what our users do on their Tumblr blogs and we aren't responsible for the information collection and use practices of our individual blogs and bloggers. One of the great features of Tumblr's products is customizability, and bloggers have a lot of flexibility in how their blogs behave. When you visit a blog in our network, that blog may collect more information than we do, and may provide information to third parties that we have no relationship with, including to advertisers.


WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT

Account Information: When you create an account on the Services (an "Account"), we’ll ask you for information such as your username, password, age, and email address (“Account Information”). We may use Account Information, alone or together with other information, to enhance and improve the Services, such as by personalization. We use your age to verify that you can lawfully use the Services. We use your email address to verify your Account and to communicate with you, as described in more detail below.

You can keep yourself fairly anonymous on Tumblr, but remember that your posts, blogs, pages, and username are all visible to the public by default.

Email Communications with Us: As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us. Administrative communications relating to your Account (e.g., for purposes of Account recovery or password reset) are considered part of the Services and your Account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving. We also may send you other kinds of emails, which you can opt-out of either from your Account Settings page or by using the “Opt-Out” link in the emails themselves. Note that we will  email you to ask for your password or other Account Information; if you receive such an email, please forward it to us (/support). 

We send two kinds of email: ones about fun stuff happening on Tumblr, and ones with important information about your account. You can opt out of the former, but not the latter.

Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services: You can link your Account to certain Third Party Services. In order to do so, you may provide us with your username or other user ID for a Third Party Service, and you may then be required to log into that Service. After you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your content to that service when you ask us to. We do not receive or store your passwords for your Third Party Service accounts.

Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you. Such information could include, for example, your gender, if you have disclosed that information to that third party and made it available for Tumblr to access. To the extent we obtain such information, we may use it to develop new Services or to improve or enhance the Services.

When you connect other services to your Tumblr account, those services might share information about you with us. What gets shown to us is determined by their privacy policies, which are long and boring, but which you should probably read if you have questions or concerns.

User Content: By default, all sharing through the Services is public, and when you provide us with content it is published so that anyone can view it. Although we do provide tools, like password-protected blogs, Asks, and Fan Mail, that let you publish content privately, you should assume that anything you publish is publicly accessible unless you have explicitly selected otherwise. Also, please keep in mind that anything you share privately with another user, particularly through an Ask, Fan Mail, or submitted post, may be posted publicly by that user. Content published and shared publicly is accessible to everyone, including search engines, and you may lose any privacy rights you might have regarding that content. In addition, information shared publicly may be copied and shared throughout the Internet, including through actions or features native to the Services, such as reblogging.

At its heart, Tumblr is a public platform. Don’t be afraid to share amazing things, but do understand that it can be hard to completely remove things from the internet once they’ve been reblogged a few times.

Native Actions: The Services allow you to perform native actions that are integral to our products, such as liking a post, reblogging a post, replying to a post, and following a blog. Liking, reblogging, and replying are public actions – anyone can expand the “notes” view on a post, for example, to see who liked, reblogged, or replied to a post. We use information about native actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly, to personalize your Tumblr experience. Personalization using this information may include presenting you with new posts relevant to what you’ve liked, providing you with better search results, and showing you advertising more relevant to your interests.

Reblogs, Likes, and Replies are a matter of public record, so if you’re truly ashamed of your desires it’s best to keep them to yourself. But why? Be proud of who you are. You’re beautiful. We’re looking you in the eyes and telling you how beautiful you are.

Information About User Content: In some cases, we may collect information about content you provide to the Services. For example, when it's included as part of your images, we may collect information describing your camera, camera settings, or EXIF information (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exchangeable_image_file_format). This information allows us to improve the Services and provide additional features and functionality.

Contact and Financial Information: There are various ways in which you may provide us financial information and contact information. For example, if you buy something from us (like Blaze, Premium Themes, or a domain name), or earn revenue through your site, you provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We may also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe account.

We do not, however, store that financial information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the "Payment Processor"). Please note that if you use the Payment Processor’s services, your data will be handled in accordance with the Payment Processor’s privacy policy and practices. They have their own rules about information collection, use, storage, and sharing, which you should review before using the Payment Processor’s services. We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and identity theft.

Information Related to Use of the Services: We collect information about how people use the Services, including those with an Account. This type of information may be collected in our log files each time you interact with (i.e., make a request to) the Services. We use internal tools and third party applications and services (like Google Analytics or comScore) to collect and analyze this information. Some of this information may also be associated with the Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”) used to access the Services; some may be connected with your Account; and some may only be collected and used in aggregate form (as a statistical measure that wouldn’t identify you or your Account). We also collect your IP Address when you make a post, particularly when you submit an anonymous “Ask.” We may use this information about how you and others interact with the Services for a number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam, malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe; and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in “Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.”

We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it.

Information Related to Your Web Browser: We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, such as your browser type and version, what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your language preference, the website or service that referred you to the Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your screen display information, and information from any cookies we have placed on your web browser (as described below). We also sometimes detect whether you are using certain web browser extensions and store that information in a manner associated with your Account. We use web browser-related information to enhance and improve the Services.

Location Information: In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation. We may also ask you to provide information about your location, for example to use your geolocation information from your mobile device to geotag a post. We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services for you, for example by showing you relevant local content.

Tumblr may determine your location by using drone technology and live video feeds. Ha ha, no, we just check out your IP address (http://netforbeginners.about.com/od/navigatingthenet/f/IP-Addresses-Explained.htm) or any location data you attach to a post. Normal stuff.

Information Related to Your Mobile Device: We may collect and store information related to your mobile device. In some cases, we may receive, generate, or assign your mobile device a unique identifier for the purposes described above in “Information Related to Use of the Services.” We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor authentication for Account login. We will always ask you whether it’s OK for us to collect and store your phone number.

INFORMATION COLLECTED USING COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites that allow Tumblr or a third party to see that you have looked at that page. We use cookies and web tags to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use the Services. Some services that we use (including Third Party Services), such as Google Analytics, Nielsen, and comScore, may use their own web tags or place their own cookies on your browser. If you are a Tumblr user in the EU, UK, Canada, or in some US states you can customize your cookie preferences from your privacy settings (https://www.tumblr.com/settings/privacy).

Cookies and web tags let us learn how people use Tumblr, which in turn helps us make a better product for you to use. Tumblr gives you some choices over which cookies we set and how we use your data.

Information About Your Contacts: Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists. For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services. As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can “follow” their blogs. We will give you a choice as to whether or not you provide us such information, and we will disclose fully, within the appropriate feature, how we use that information.

We won’t look at (or be able to look at) your contact list unless you ask us to. Why would you ask us to? Because that’s how you would find out if any of your contacts are on Tumblr. We discard this information immediately afterward.

Derived Information: As described above in “Native Actions” and “Information Related to Use of the Services,” we analyze your actions on the Services in order to derive or infer characteristics that may be descriptive of your Account (for example, what kinds of blogs you follow or what kinds of posts you view, like, or reblog). We use this information for all of the purposes set forth in “Information Related to Use of the Services,” above.


PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING ON TUMBLR

In order to provide you with all of this Tumblr content for free, Tumblr selectively runs advertisements. We, and our parent company, Automattic, work with online advertising companies to provide you with advertising that is as relevant and useful as possible. To make our ads more relevant and useful, we make educated guesses about your interests based on your activity on our sites and services. The ads we show you often reflect these interests and educated guesses.

To learn more about how we select the ads you see, you can check out  Tumblr’s Advertising (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/articles/360035272334-Tumblr-ads-you) and affiliate policies.

Managing your choices for personalized advertising experiences: In some geographic locations, Tumblr users have the legal right to opt-out of having ads personalized to them. Note that if you opt-out you will continue to see advertisements on Tumblr, though they will be less relevant and useful to you.

If you are a Tumblr user in the EU, UK, Canada, or in some US states you can customize your advertising preferences from within your privacy settings (https://www.tumblr.com/settings/privacy).

When using the mobile app version of Tumblr on Apple iOS devices you can also opt out of personalized advertising by selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" in the iOS settings. For more information about these iOS options:

1. Open Settings;
2. Select Privacy; and
3. Select Advertising and follow the on-screen instructions.

When using the mobile app version of Tumblr on Android devices you can opt-out of personalized advertising by selecting "Opt out of Interest Based Ads” in Google settings. For more information about these Android options:

1. Open Settings;
2. Select Google;
3. Select Privacy; and
4. Select Ads and follow the on-screen instructions.

More information about options for hiding, reporting, and controlling the ads you see on Tumblr can be found in our Tumblr Ads & You (https://help.tumblr.com/hc/articles/360035272334-Tumblr-Ads-You) support doc.


WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED

We never share information we receive from you unless: (a) we have your permission to share that information; (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared, and with whom (such as in this Privacy Policy); or (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that does not identify you.

Information Shared with and Received from our Corporate Parents: We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Automattic, and a member of the Automattic family of companies. Because we are a wholly-owned subsidiary, Automattic and the rest of our family of companies may receive any information we do, and may share information they have with us. Our family of companies may use the information they receive from us to help us provide, understand, and improve the Services (including by providing us analytics) and in connection with their products and services (including by providing you with a more personalized experience). For details about how Automattic treats the information it collects, please review this Privacy Policy (https://automattic.com/privacy/).

Automattic owns us and we share with it and the Automattic family of companies.

Information Shared with the Public Through the Services: As noted in “User Content” and “Native Actions,” above, by default, content published through the Services and many actions you take on the Services are shared with the public. Because this kind of information can be seen by anyone and may be indexed by search engines, you should be careful about what you choose to disclose publicly and make sure it’s information you want to share with everyone.

The content you create on Tumblr is, by default, public. This means that anyone can see it, and that search engines can index it. If these things bother you, take a look at some of the additional  privacy features (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/articles/115011611747-Privacy-options) we offer.

Information Shared Between the Services: We may, if possible, aggregate information about your use of multiple Services and use that consolidated information to enhance and improve the Services, and to develop new Services.

Information You Share with Third Party Services: You may access Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on externally-pointing links. You may also choose to share information that you provide to us, like blog posts, with those Third Party Services (for example, by sharing posts to Twitter or Facebook). This Privacy Policy only governs information we collect and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services' privacy policies.

You can automatically publish the posts you make on Tumblr to other sites (like Facebook or Twitter). That’s where our Privacy Policy ends and their policies begin. Make sure you’re cool with the policies of any services you’re considering sharing to before connecting them to your Tumblr account.

Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: In some cases, we share information we store (such as IP addresses) with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other agents ("Agents"), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving the Services, and developing new products and services. For example, we may share information with service providers that help us fight spam, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you (hey there!), registrars and registries that allow us to provide domain registration services, analytics providers that help us understand and improve our services, and third party partners that pitch in on our marketing efforts (like identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services), along with third-party consultants who may have access to information in the process of improving our processes and technology. Agents with whom we share such information for these reasons are generally bound by confidentiality obligations and, unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use information we share with them beyond the scope and duration of what is necessary to assist us.

Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets. In these transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.

Should we happen to get acquired (again!) or go out of business (no way), the transfer of assets from us to our buyer may very well include user information. They are allowed to use it only in the ways outlined here, in the Privacy Policy you are reading right now.

Information Disclosed to Comply With Legal and Regulatory Requirements: We believe in freedom of expression, and, to the extent reasonable, we try to protect our community from baseless legal demands. That said, we may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about Tumblr users, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines (https://help.tumblr.com/hc/articles/231925668-Law-Enforcement-Guidelines). Additionally, if you have a domain registered with us, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our Domain Registrations and Privacy (https://help.tumblr.com/hc/articles/14449316040087#privacy) support document for more details.

Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others: We reserve the right to access, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole discretion, to (i) satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service (https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/terms-of-service), including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, trust and safety, or technical issues (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of improving security and preventing fraud, spam, and malware), (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property, health or safety of us, our users, any third parties or the public in general, including but not limited to situations involving possible violence, suicide, or self-harm.

Don’t make us narc on you. We don’t want to. But we do need to protect everyone who uses Tumblr from harming us, each other, or themselves. We work hard to balance privacy and community, and we’re sure you can appreciate the challenges in that, and the seriousness with which we take those challenges.

Information We Share with Your Consent or at Your Request: If you ask us to release information that we have about your Account, we will do so if reasonable and not unduly burdensome.

Information Shared with Other Third Parties: We may share or disclose non-private information, Aggregate Information, or other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that we do business with.


SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

Your Account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. We may enable additional security features in the future, like multi-factor authentication. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your Account and information by creating a unique, secure, and protected password and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account on the Services.

We seek to protect your information (including your Account Information) to ensure that it is kept private; however, we can't guarantee the security of any information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.

It’s really important that you have a unique password for all of your accounts on the internet, including your Tumblr account. If you have trouble remembering passwords then you might consider using a service like 1Password (https://agilebits.com/onepassword) or LastPass (https://lastpass.com/).

Tumblr will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for as long as your Tumblr account is active or as needed to provide you with the Services. If you no longer want Tumblr to use your information to provide you with the Services, you may close your account and Tumblr will delete the information it holds about you unless we need to retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements or as otherwise permitted by law.


WHAT INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS

If you are a registered user, you can download a personal data report by submitting a request in the Privacy section of your Settings. You need to be signed in to your Tumblr account to submit  this request, and you will have to log in to your account to access the summary or the report. You can also download/export a copy of the content you post to Tumblr. (https://help.tumblr.com/export-your-blog/) 


HOW TO DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT

If you want to delete your Account, you can do so from your Account Settings (/settings/account). Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information may not be immediately removed. In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public.


You’ll do great things on Tumblr, surely, but if it ever comes time to say goodbye, then you’re free to delete your account at any time and for any reason. The deletion will be effective immediately, for the most part, but it might take a little while to scrub everything from our archives and backups.

What won’t get scrubbed are Reblogs of your posts. Those will remain on whatever blog reblogged them. Like we said before, it can be really, really hard to delete something once it goes out onto the internet, so be sure you’re only publishing stuff that you’re certain you want to publish.



PRIVACY RIGHTS

If you’re a resident of Canada and certain US states you have a number of rights and choices about your personal information. To learn more, see the applicable Supplemental US Privacy Notice (/privacy/en#supplemental) or Supplemental Canadian Privacy Notice (/privacy/en#supplemental-ca) below.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, using the process for modifications set forth in our Terms of Service (/policy/en/terms-of-service). Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.


WHERE TO DIRECT QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, send us a detailed message (/support).


LINK TO PRIOR VERSIONS

You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy below. We have stored these versions on GitHub, which will also allow you to compare different versions and see what terms have changed:

https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/privacy-policy.txt


SUPPLEMENTAL US PRIVACY NOTICE

Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it.


SUMMARY OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information (as those terms are defined by applicable law)

Identifiers (such as username and email address);
Commercial information (such as transaction data);
Financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information);
Internet or other network or device activity (such as unique identifiers, browsing history or other usage data);
Geolocation information (general location);
Inference data about you; 
Legally protected classifications (such as gender);
Physical characteristics or description (such as when you voluntarily submit a photo);
Or other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.

You can find more information about what we collect, the business and commercial purposes we use it for, and the sources of that information in the “What We Collect and How We Use It” (/privacy/en#what-we-collect) section above.

We share this information with the categories of third parties described above in “With Whom Your Information Is Shared." (/privacy/en#with-whom-your-information-is-shared)We retain this information for the length of time described in our Security and Retention of Your Information (/privacy/en#security-and-retention-of-your-information) section.

We may also use the categories of personal information for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We may aggregate the information we collect or de-identify it in order to limit or prevent the identification of any particular user or device.

In some US states, you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law. You can find detailed metrics about Tumblr's compliance with these rights in our Privacy Report here (https://transparency.automattic.com/tumblr/).

Access: Depending on your state’s relevant laws, you may have the right to request a copy of some or all of the following: a copy of the information we hold about you, the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing that information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared that information, and/or the list of specific third parties (other than natural persons) to which we have disclosed personal information. As described in the section ‘What Information You Can Access,’ you can download a personal data report by submitting a request in the Privacy section of your Settings. You need to be signed in to your Tumblr account to submit this request, and you will have to log in to your account to access the summary or the report. If you want to request the summary described above, require additional assistance, or if you do not have a Tumblr account, submit a support ticket here or email us at privacy@tumblr.com.
Delete: In some US states you also have the right to delete certain information we have about you. You can delete much of your information by logging in to your account. If you cannot do this, or you do not have a Tumblr account, please submit a support ticket here, or email us at privacy@tumblr.com. For more information on deleting your account or leaving Tumblr, please refer to the section ‘How to Delete Your Account.’
Non-Discrimination: You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.
Correct: In general you can correct any information Tumblr has about you by editing your account. For example, you can update your email address from your account settings. If there’s any information we have about you that you would like corrected, that you can’t change yourself, you can contact our support team to request this.
Opt-Out: You may have the right to opt-out of having your data sold or shared (as those terms are defined in your state’s law). More on how to do that below.
Content Portability: At Tumblr it’s totally possible to export your blog. It’s your stuff, not ours. We make it easy for you to grab a copy of it.

Certain information may be exempt from these rights under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide you with the Services. If you ask us to delete them, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.

Before we can satisfy your request, you’ll need to give us enough information so that we can be certain  of your identity.  To do that, you’ll need to log in to your account or give us certain information about you and/or your use of the Services. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.  To do so, you have to give us written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf.  You’ll still need to verify your identity directly with us.

Right to Opt-Out: Tumblr selectively runs advertisements so we can provide you with Tumblr content for free. To help select which ads to show you, we may share some of your information with advertising partners, or allow our advertising partners to “collect” certain information. The personal information we share includes online identifiers and internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address), and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). In some US states, this data sharing may be considered a “sale.” To learn more about how we select the ads you see, check out Tumblr’s Ads & You (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/articles/360035272334-Tumblr-ads-you). We do not sell (or share) information that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information, in our ads program. Also, we do not knowingly "sell" your personal information if you are under 16.

Learn how you can opt out by going to Your Advertising Choices (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/articles/360041012973). If you are a user who has told us you are under 16, you’ll see in your settings (/settings/privacy) that we’ve already opted you out.

In addition to the data sharing related to our ads program, sometimes Tumblr shares your information with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a "sale" or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of. This opt-out is controlled through the same opt-out as the personalized ads program opt-out, found in your settings (https://www.tumblr.com/settings/privacy). We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.

We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law.


APPEALS PROCESS FOR DENIED REQUESTS

In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.

In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal.

If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights.


CONTACTING US ABOUT THESE RIGHTS

You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll up to “Where to Direct Questions or Concerns” (#where-to-direct-questions-or-concerns) to, well, find out where to direct your questions or concerns.


SUPPLEMENTAL CANADIAN PRIVACY NOTICE

If you are a Canadian resident, you may have additional rights over the personal data Tumblr processes about you, including:

Consent: By submitting personal information to us, or our service providers and agents, you consent to the collection use, disclosure, and transfer of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law. You may withdraw your consent at any time to the collection, use, disclosure, or transfer of your personal information time by adjusting your privacy choices from your privacy settings (https://www.tumblr.com/settings/privacy) and/or by sending us a detailed message (https://www.tumblr.com/support) about the processing you want to withdraw consent for. If you withdraw your consent (or if you decide not to provide certain personal information), you acknowledge that we may not be able to provide you, or continue to provide you, with certain products, services, or information that may be of value to you.

Access and Correction:  We will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information we hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. Upon your written request, and subject to certain exceptions provided by law, we will inform you of the existence, use, and disclosure of your personal information and give you access to that information. We may charge a minimal fee for providing such access to you. If you believe that the personal information that we hold about you is not accurate or complete, you may send us a detailed message (https://www.tumblr.com/support). If you are able to establish that the information is not accurate or complete, we will take reasonable steps to delete and/or correct the information so that it is accurate, complete, and up-to-date. In order to facilitate a request to correct or update information, we may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your identity. Any such information will only be used for the purpose of confirming your identity and will not be retained by us.

If you are a resident of Quebec, you also have the right to data portability, which is the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and technological format and to have this information transferred from us to another service provider.

Quebec users also have the right to be informed if we exclusively use automated processing to render a decision about you. You also have the right to request information about the personal information used to make that decision, and to request that the information be corrected.

Transfers out of Canada/Quebec: Note that personal information may be stored, accessed, used and otherwise processed inside and outside of Quebec and/or Canada. When personal information is located outside Quebec and/or Canada, it may be subject to laws that have different standards of protection and may allow for foreign law enforcement and governmental access.

As described in the section ‘What Information You Can Access,’ you can download a personal data report by submitting a request in the Privacy section of your Settings. You need to be signed in to your Tumblr account to submit this request, and you will have to log in to your account to access the summary or the report.

To exercise any of the above rights, submit a support ticket here (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=12913521777175) or email us at privacy@tumblr.com.


ADVERTISING ON TUMBLR

Tumblr selectively runs advertisements so we can provide you with Tumblr content for free. To help select which ads to show you, we may share some of your information with advertising partners, or allow our advertising partners to “collect” certain information. The personal information we share includes online identifiers and internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address), and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). To learn more about how we select the ads you see, check out Tumblr’s Ads & You. (https://tumblr.zendesk.com/hc/articles/360035272334-Tumblr-ads-you) 

If you are viewing Tumblr from within Canada, you will be shown our cookie banner when you first access our site or service, and periodically it will resurface in the future. From this banner you have a variety of controls that allow you to customize the way Tumblr uses your data for our advertising program, as well as for some other non-advertising uses like measuring how you use Tumblr so we can make it better.

You can view and modify your consent choices at any time by clicking “Update Privacy Consent” from your privacy settings (https://www.tumblr.com/settings/privacy). We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to withdraw your consent from having your data used to personalize the advertisements shown to you on Tumblr.

Canada’s Anti Spam Law (“CASL”): We will only send you commercial electronic messages (“CEMs”) where we have your express or implied consent to do so. Your consent to receive CEMs is implied where we have an existing business relationship with you, or you have reached out to us and made an inquiry within a certain time frame. You may unsubscribe from receiving CEMs at any time, by clicking the unsubscribe button on an email or following the direction provided in a text message. You cannot unsubscribe from important, account related communications.